unfortunately
people's hopes that through
demonstrations and the political process
the situation could be reversed they've
lost hope on that and they've uh
realized the risk unfortunately of uh
peacefully demonstrating so that would
be
my interpretation of the events that we
saw unfortunately they
we see an increasing
hopelessness by those
people in myanmar that peaceful
demonstrations will result in change
good afternoon
i'd like to read the following security
council press statement on myanmar
swagger
the members of the security council
expressed deep concern at the
declaration of state of emergency
imposed in myanmar by the military on
the 1st of february
and the arbitrary detention members of
government
including state councillor
[Music]
the members of the security council
emphasized the need for the continued
support of the democratic transition in
myanmar
they stress the need to uphold
democratic institutions and processes
refrain from violence
and fully respect human rights
fundamental freedoms
at least two people have been killed and
several others injured in myanmar after
police fired live ammunition to disperse
protesters in the city of mandalay
they encouraged pursuing some dialogue
[Music]
the members of the security council
expressed concern
at the restrictions on civil society
journalists and media workers
they also called for safe and unimpeded
humanitarian access
to all people in need
including
through the re-establishment of un
relief
the members of the security council
reiterated their strong support to
regional organizations
in particular the association of
southeast asian nations asean
and welcomed the asean chairs statement
dated the first of february 2021.
they also reiterated their support to
the special envoy of the secretary
general on myanmar for good offices
the members of the security council
reaffirmed their strong commitment
to the sovereignty
political independence
territorial integrity
and unity of myanmar
thank you
[Music]
what happened this morning at the
myanmar meeting we nobody came out and
talked
what can you give us some kind of
indication of what happened well again
we we came to the table
it's been a while since we've discussed
the important issue
in myanmar we said we would like to see
the security council speak out we think
the people on the ground in myanmar who
are undergoing a serious humanitarian
crisis ongoing and of course we know
abuses of uh protesters particularly
women and girls who are in the front
line there we would like to see that end
we want to see a dialogue
struck but
at this morning we would
reiterate that we want to see the
security council speak out and let the
people in myanmar know we're watching
you